this is quite an ensemble you have here
where do you even get pants like that
you know seems to have come from the
heavens above and it's the dollar your
Edition or was that part of the cochlea
bar I mean you never know man you might
fall on hard times you might need that
dollar that's right you might have to
slid it open and give it to the valet
yeah yeah I would hope I give him a
little more than that I would hope you
would too but I don't know there could
be more under it right and I might be in
a yabba-dabba-doo situation
what's he gaba do with your feet did you
by any chance go to the chuck norris
School of Acting
no Southside sure where did you study
acting I assume studied never did just
came into it naturally yeah we went you
like that little modeling school for a
little while where they taught me how to
walk the runway but I just want to get
next way you walk the runway huh yeah I
know how to do that Randy yeah well sure
if you went to school for it how long
was the school was it like six eight
months eight months and do you feel like
you really learn anything at a modeling
school no no you kind of either either
look good or you know right yeah I mean
as long as you make the clothes look
good you do your job what's the key to
the runway walk B pant like pit like
expressionless real and show off the
clothes it's all about the the product
all about the clothes good posture
important yes so you could see that I
didn't pay much attention in that arena
by the way you were fantastic and uncut
gems that movie without himself
and Kevin oh they're speaking of of
never going to acting school kevin
garnett the basketball player who was
terrific in that move he's amazing what
was that fun working with a guy who had
never done any acting before it was it
was I felt like it was a sort of
exchange of inspiration because I was
inspired by him and his massive talent
as a ballplayer and he was sort of
inspired by me uncle said so it was
quite nice to have that exchange did you
help him did he seek your help I think
you kind of help yourself you know I
think the main thing is just being there
to soak it all in and watching and learn
so I think we were just you just learned
we learned from each other because I saw
him actually on the court on a separate
occasion just like getting it and I was
like I'm just gonna watch I'm just gonna
watch yeah well you're not really
invited to play probably right I mean
yeah especially when it comes to someone
as big as Kevin guard
Oh God so you're now you're the romantic
lead in this movie with ISA ray which is
that's is that something you always
imagined doing no no no I would have
guessed her answer would be no no that's
man I wouldn't have guessed I'd ever be
on this show yeah that I knew was gonna
happen but no but just being in a movie
where it's it's like a Valentine's Day
movie here in love the it's really like
kind of a traditional American movie for
couples correct correct
yeah I mean if you've ever been in love
know anything about love ever
experienced it or wanted to experience
it then you can understand it connect to
this movie does all of us I want to
speak about another movie movie you were
not in this is you were invited to the
premiere of Joker and this is how you
showed up to the premiere of Joker I'll
get another one
there's a little bit closer now were you
told that someone tell you everybody was
dressing up as Joker to go to the movie
no I just like dressing oh you just like
dressing up and also love the Joker so
there you go you know you got both
things I heard you want to play the
Joker
I would love to play The Joker that'd be
beautiful were you bummed when that's a
role that you're I really want to play
and then you see like oh they just did
it and it came out great does that make
you go home no now I have to wait like
12 years that makes me go wait so they
see me do it oh they die
also I make my own Joker movies it at
home with my own personal Kim I just all
you got to do is dress up and make your
own are you making your own Joker movies
I still had the makeup balls all night
just keep going with you are there are
you a comic book guy in general or is it
just Joker just Joker just Joker there's
no other like heroes or villains that
you have your eye on to play this is
Joker just Joker that's joking you turn
up
[Applause]
well in fairness they saw this picture
and they're scared we do play joke well
no my grill was made out of foil I just
like it wasn't really so you must have
no cavities with any kind of fillings
that's got no cash you got it that's not
true at all you'll always have that
dollar right there in your pocket well
it's great to see you he is called the
photograph it comes out Valentine's Day
look Keith Stanfield everybody hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season
buy my new book the serious goose I
wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box